docs: Scenario docs (#4533)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/guides/solution-scenarios/configurations.mdx

If a user of this organization wants to login, you don't want them to enter their username in the ZITADEL Login UI, they should be redirected directly to the identity provider without their interaction.

### Settings

1. Go to the "Identity Providers" Settings of the organization
2. Configure the needed identity provider: Read this [guide](../integrate/identity-brokering.md) if you don't know how
3. Go to the "Login Behavior and Security" settings of the organization
4. Disable "Username Password Allowed" and enable "External IDP allowed" in the Advanced Section

Now your application can send either the organizations id (`urn:zitadel:iam:org:id:{id}`) or organizations primary domain (`urn:zitadel:iam:org:domain:primary:{domainname}`) scope on your authorization request to identify on which organization the users should be logged in.

More about the [scopes](../../apis/openidoauth/scopes#reserved-scopes)

## Custom Application Domain per Organization

> I have an application that runs on different domains for each customer I have. When the user wants to login I redirect to ZITADEL and want to get back to my application after. This should still be the custom domain for my organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an application that runs a dedicated domain for each customer you need to instruct ZITADEL to allow redirection for each domain specifically to safeguard against phishing attacks.
```

Example:
MyApplication: customer-a.app.com
ZITADEL Login: login.app.com

> In the OIDC Authorization request you always have to send the redirect url to where you like to be redirected after login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the OIDC Authorization request you always have to send the redirect URI to where you like to be redirected after login.
```

> It is possible to register multiple urls on one application, the only criteria is that the requested url has to match one of the registered urls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To handle this scenario it is possible to register multiple URIs on each application in ZITADEL, the only criteria is that the requested URI has to match one of the registered URIs.
```

---

> title: How to configure ??

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: How to configure ZITADEL for your scenario
```

---

Each customer does have different needs and use-cases. In ZITADEL you are able to configure your settings depending on your needs.

> In this capital we show you different use-cases we have already seen, that could interest you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section we show you the different use-cases we have already experienced, that could interest you.
```

> ## Automatically redirect if organization has one identity provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Automatically redirect users if the organization has only one identity provider
```

> You have different organizations/customers in your ZITADEL instance and they have different needs on how to authenticate. One of your customers does only allow login with an external identity provider like Google, Azure AD, etc.
> If a user of this organization wants to login, you don't want them to enter the username in the ZITADEL Login UI, they should be redirected directly to the identity provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have different customers (organizations) in your ZITADEL instance and they have different needs on how to authenticate their users. One of your customers does only allow login with an external identity provider like Google, Azure AD, and so on.
If a user of this organization wants to login, you don't want them to enter their username in the ZITADEL Login UI, they should be redirected directly to the identity provider without their interaction.
```

> ## Settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Settings
```

> 1. Go to the "Identity Providers" Settings of your organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the "Identity Providers" Settings of the organization
```

Reviewer: > Your would not be correct, because it can also be another organization (e.g if you are an administrator)

That's why I proposed "the".

Author: Your right, i read it the wrong way

> 2. Configure your needed identity provider: Read this [guide](../integrate/identity-brokering.md) if you don't know how

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Configure the needed identity provider: Read this [guide](../integrate/identity-brokering.md) if you don't know how
```

3. Go to the "Login Behavior and Security" settings of the organization
4. Disable "Username Password Allowed" and enable "External IDP allowed" in the Advanced Section

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Send either the the organization id (`urn:zitadel:iam:org:id:{id}`) or organization primary domain (`urn:zitadel:iam:org:domain:primary:{domainname}`) scope on your authentication request from your application, to identify on which organization the users should login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now your application can send either the organizations id (`urn:zitadel:iam:org:id:{id}`) or organizations primary domain (`urn:zitadel:iam:org:domain:primary:{domainname}`) scope on your authorization request to identify on which organization the users should be logged in.
```

More about the [scopes](../../apis/openidoauth/scopes#reserved-scopes)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Custom app domains per organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Custom Application Domain per Organization
```

> I have an application that runs on different domains for each customer I have. When the user wants to login I redirect to ZITADEL and want to get back to my application after. This should still be the custom domain for my organization.

Reviewer: I don't understand this 😁

Example:
MyApplication: customer-a.app.com
ZITADEL Login: login.app.com

In the OIDC Authorization request you always have to send the redirect url to where you like to be redirected after login.
It is possible to register multiple urls on one application, the only criteria is that the requested url has to match one of the registered urls.

Read more about [applications](../manage/console/applications) and the [redirect urls](../manage/console/applications#redirect-uris)

> ### Trigger organization in ZITADEL login

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Trigger a specific Organization from you Application
```

Reviewer: This kind of feels redundant to the first section, or am I missing something?

Author: Yes it is. But the first section has nothing to do with the second. So we need this part in both sections.
